Add instructions on how to import Grafana dashboard from grafana.com (#76)
kubewarden/docs: src/operator-manual/telemetry/metrics/01-quickstart.md

You can now login with the default username `admin` and password `prom-operator`.

### Using Kubewarden Grafana dashboard

Kubewarden project made available a Grafana dashboard with some basic metrics

> where an operator can follow the state of Kubewarden in the cluster. This dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that give an overview about how Kubewarden behaves inside of cluster. This dashboard
```

is available in the Kubewarden repository in a [JSON file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubewarden/policy-server/main/kubewarden-dashboard.json) 
or in the [Grafana website](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/15314). 

> To import the dashboard into your environment you can download the JSON file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To import the dashboard into your environment, you can download the JSON file
```

from the Grafana website or from the repository:

```console
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubewarden/policy-server/main/kubewarden-dashboard.json
```

Once you have the file in your machine you should access the Grafana dashboard and
[import it](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/export-import/#import-dashboard).
Visit `/dashboard/import` in the Grafana dashboard. Copy the JSON file contents, 
paste it in the `Import via panel json` box in the Grafana UI, and click on the 
`Load` button and then click on `Import` after choosing `Prometheus` as the source.

Another option is import it directly from the Grafana.com website. For this, 
copy the dashboard ID from the [dashboard page](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/15314), 

> paste it in the `Import via grafana.com` field and click in the `load` button.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
paste it in the `Import via grafana.com` field and click the `load` button.
```

After importing the dashboard, define the Prometheus data source to use and finish
the import process. 

You should be able to see the dashboard similar to this:

![Dashboard 1](./images/dashboard_1.png/)
![Dashboard 2](./images/dashboard_2.png/)
![Dashboard 3](./images/dashboard_3.png/)

> ![Dashboard 4](./images/dashboard_4.png/)

Reviewer: Maybe we should rename the files to have the `grafana_` prefix. For example, `dashboard_1.png` would become `grafana_dashboard_1.png`

You can now login with the default username `admin` and password `prom-operator`.

### Using Kubewarden Grafana dashboard

> Kubewarden project made available a Grafana dashboard with some basic metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubewarden developers made available a Grafana dashboard with some basic metrics
```

that give an overview about how Kubewarden behaves inside of cluster. This dashboard
is available in the Kubewarden repository in a [JSON file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubewarden/policy-server/main/kubewarden-dashboard.json) 
or in the [Grafana website](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/15314). 

To import the dashboard into your environment, you can download the JSON file
from the Grafana website or from the repository:

```console
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubewarden/policy-server/main/kubewarden-dashboard.json
```

Once you have the file in your machine you should access the Grafana dashboard and
[import it](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/export-import/#import-dashboard).

> Visit `/dashboard/import` in the Grafana dashboard. Copy the JSON file contents, 
> paste it in the `Import via panel json` box in the Grafana UI, and click on the 
> `Load` button and then click on `Import` after choosing `Prometheus` as the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit `/dashboard/import` in the Grafana dashboard and follow these steps:

  1. Copy the JSON file contents and paste them into the `Import via panel json` box in the Grafana UI
  1. Click the `Load` button
  1. Choosing `Prometheus` as the source
  1. Click the `Import` button
```

Another option is import it directly from the Grafana.com website. For this, 
copy the dashboard ID from the [dashboard page](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/15314), 
paste it in the `Import via grafana.com` field and click the `load` button.
After importing the dashboard, define the Prometheus data source to use and finish

> the import process. 

Reviewer: I you liked the suggestion from above, you might want to turn that into an ordered list too

You should be able to see the dashboard similar to this:

![Dashboard 1](./images/grafana_dashboard_1.png/)
![Dashboard 2](./images/grafana_dashboard_2.png/)
![Dashboard 3](./images/grafana_dashboard_3.png/)
![Dashboard 4](./images/grafana_dashboard_4.png/)

> In the dashboard the operator is able to see panels showing the state of all 
> the policies register in Kubewarden and policy specific panels. In order to 
> check some policy specific metrics, the operator can change the value of the 
> `policy_name` variable with the policy name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Grafana dashboard has panes showing the state of all 
the policies managed by Kubewarden. Plus it has policy-specific panels.

 Policy detailed metrics can be obtained by changing the value of the `policy_name`
 variable to match the name of the desired policy.
```

Visit `/dashboard/import` in the Grafana dashboard and follow these steps:

  1. Copy the JSON file contents and paste them into the `Import via panel json` box in the Grafana UI
  2. Click the `Load` button
  3. Choosing `Prometheus` as the source
  4. Click the `Import` button

Another option is import it directly from the Grafana.com website. For this:

  1. Copy the dashboard ID from the [dashboard page](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/15314), 
  2. Paste it in the `Import via grafana.com` field
  3. Click the `load` button.
  4. After importing the dashboard, define the Prometheus data source to use and finish
the import process. 

You should be able to see the dashboard similar to this:

![Dashboard 1](./images/grafana_dashboard_1.png/)
![Dashboard 2](./images/grafana_dashboard_2.png/)
![Dashboard 3](./images/grafana_dashboard_3.png/)
![Dashboard 4](./images/grafana_dashboard_4.png/)

The Grafana dashboard has panes showing the state of all 
the policies managed by Kubewarden. Plus it has policy-specific panels.

 Policy detailed metrics can be obtained by changing the value of the `policy_name`

>  variable to match the name of the desired policy.

Reviewer: There's a ` ` space at the beginning of these lines. Probably my fault
